Readme.md, before:

# Metropolia Attendance app project

> This app is made for metropolia university of applied sciences to help teachers to take attendance in their Lectures.

[Project link here!](https://JakSec.northeurope.cloudapp.azure.com/)

[TSdocs link](https://krugou.github.io/JakSurveillance/)

## What we found out

<!-- Write about what you found out here -->

> You can import excel files to sql easily using nodejs npm package called xlsx
>
> We learned what it's like to work with a real client
>
> We learned to work with typescript
>
> We learned how to communicate and associate with a real client

## What works and what doesn't

<!-- Write about what works and what doesn't here -->

> Every user has instructional videos
>
> Every user has their own profile
>
> Teachers can create courses and lectures
>
> Teachers can gather attendance of the students from a lecture
>
> Teachers can view and modify course details
>
> Teachers can view and modify students attendance
>
> Teachers can view the statistics of students attendance on a course
>
> Teachers can add and delete students on a course
>
> Teachers can modify students topics on a course
>
> Teachers can change their own role
>
> Counselor can view and modify students attendance
>
> Counselor can view and modify course details
>
> Counselor can modify students topics on a course
>
> Counselor can view the statistics of students attendance on a course
>
> Counselor can change their own role
>
> Students can attend a lecture by scanning a qr code
>
> Students can view their own attendance on a course
>
> Students can view their own attendance statistics
>
> Students can view their own course details

## The pros and cons of the project

<!-- Write about the pros and cons here -->

### Pros

> Good amount of functionalities
>
> Project stayed on schedule always
>
> Communication
>
> Client was happy with the end result

### Cons

> Not that responsive on some pages with mobile

### Features added after presentation

> Teacher is now able to delete the ongoing lecture in the attendance room
>
> immediate attendees list update after student insert on the attendance room
>
> Purging of the attendance room student listing after the lecture has ended

## Our Team Members

### Joonas Lamminmäki

> [Jonsson-123](https://github.com/Jonsson-123)

### Kaarle Häyhä

> [KaarleH](https://github.com/KaarleH)

### Aleksi Nokelainen

> [Krugou](https://github.com/Krugou)

Commit message:

Update attendance room functionality and QR code scanning

Readme.md, after:

# Metropolia Attendance app project

> This app is made for metropolia university of applied sciences to help teachers to take attendance in their Lectures.

[Project link here!](https://JakSec.northeurope.cloudapp.azure.com/)

[TSdocs link](https://krugou.github.io/JakSurveillance/)

## What we found out

<!-- Write about what you found out here -->

> You can import excel files to sql easily using nodejs npm package called xlsx
>
> We learned what it's like to work with a real client
>
> We learned to work with typescript
>
> We learned how to communicate and associate with a real client

## What works and what doesn't

<!-- Write about what works and what doesn't here -->

> Every user has instructional videos
>
> Every user has their own profile
>
> Teachers can create courses and lectures
>
> Teachers can gather attendance of the students from a lecture
>
> Teachers can view and modify course details
>
> Teachers can view and modify students attendance
>
> Teachers can view the statistics of students attendance on a course
>
> Teachers can add and delete students on a course
>
> Teachers can modify students topics on a course
>
> Teachers can change their own role
>
> Counselor can view and modify students attendance
>
> Counselor can view and modify course details
>
> Counselor can modify students topics on a course
>
> Counselor can view the statistics of students attendance on a course
>
> Counselor can change their own role
>
> Students can attend a lecture by scanning a qr code
>
> Students can view their own attendance on a course
>
> Students can view their own attendance statistics
>
> Students can view their own course details

## The pros and cons of the project

<!-- Write about the pros and cons here -->

### Pros

> Good amount of functionalities
>
> Project stayed on schedule always
>
> Communication
>
> Client was happy with the end result

### Cons

> Not that responsive on some pages with mobile

### Features added after presentation

> Teacher is now able to delete the ongoing lecture in the attendance room
>
> immediate attendees list update after student insert or delete on the attendance room
>
> Purging of the attendance room student listing after the lecture has ended
>
> Qr Code in attendance room now can be read as any mobile device camera as qr link to selected baseUrl from apihooks

## Our Team Members

### Joonas Lamminmäki

> [Jonsson-123](https://github.com/Jonsson-123)

### Kaarle Häyhä

> [KaarleH](https://github.com/KaarleH)

### Aleksi Nokelainen

> [Krugou](https://github.com/Krugou)
